# Agent Workshop
This is the supporting material for the Agent Workshop. The workshop is designed to be a hands-on experience for developers to learn how to build agents from the fundamentals using Azure OpenAI.

## Prerequisites
- DotNet SDK 9.0 or later
- Azure OpenAI Resource with GPT-4o deployed (model version 2024-08-06 or later)

## Agent 01 - Basic Agent
This agent demonstrates the minimal code required to create an chat client and interact with the Azure OpenAI service. It only makes a single call to the service to generate a response to a prompt.

## Agent 02 - Chat Agent
This agent demonstrates how to create a chat client that can maintain a conversation with the user, storing chat messages in history. This is what we often see in chat bots, where the human is driving the conversation.

## Agent 03 - Structured Output
This agent demonstrates how to switch from natural language output to structured output. This is useful when we need to reason with some input, but then pass the output to another system for further processing.

## Agent 04 - Tool Calling
This is the first agent that begins to demonstrate how autonomy can be introduced, allowing an agent to not only generate responses, but also to call other services to perform tasks. We don't define a fixed workflow, but instead allow the agent to decide what to do based on the input.

## Agent 05 - Human Escalation
This agent demonstrates how we can use tools to not only call systems, but to also escalate to a human when the agent is unable to complete the task without further information. In this example we just read from the console, but in the real world the agent loop could break when we need to wait for human input, and then resume when the human provides the necessary information.

## Agent 06 - Evaluator
This agent is made up from 2 components, the evaluator and the agent. The evaluator is responsible for deciding if the output generated by the agent is correct or not. If the output is incorrect, the evaluator will provide feedback to the agent, which will then use this feedback to improve its responses.

## Agent 10 - Hosting within a WebAPI
This example shows how to host a simple agent within a WebAPI. This is useful when we want to expose the agent as a service that can be called by other systems.